1. For each of the page open, there is no back button. which if i click login, user cannot go back to home page. 
2. Same goes to register page. Please provide back to home page button. 
3. Please use proper background banner image that suite the theme and the website purpose
4. Logout function does not work well, once log out it should have confirmation prompt box, if the user confirmed to logout it will bring them to this home page again. 
5. User Can get quotation as well without login, they just need to enter information needed. But they are not eligible for cash back. 
6. In quotation detail, please provide quotation id (auto generate), and admin should be able to upload any types of files except video, so that admin can upload the his/her quoatation and once admin click update quotation, it will be send to the user. It will be send through email with a proper template and through the system as well. So that user can view it. In Here also, admin need to update what is the price of the total quotation including tax. So that user can see the price later.
7.  Once the user click accept Quotation, user will be redirect to payment page, where in this page QR code will be display (Please refer image and use this QR code) with the price mentioned. Please highlight that user able to received from any Banks that use DuitNow QR Code. User also can use SpayLater from shopee. The second payment method, is to the bank Transfer To this Bank Name: CIMB BANK BERHAD, ACCOUNT NAME: KYNAZ ENTERPRISE, 8606022781. Then user can send payment of proof via whatsapp. 
8. Then Once the has send the payment via whatsapp, admin can verify it manually. Admin will change the status to approve and paid (which another status you need to add). Saying that the transaction is completed. So this will be update on Cashback Management page, total transactions. And it will laso updated on cashback wallet on customer site. 
9. In Cashback Mgt page, admin can set how many percent % that the user will get from the price of total quotation set. So this cashback will be reflected back to the customer site. saying that have earned this (RM... worth of cashback)
10. In user page, admin able to edit details of their user as well. 