1. Open website, On homepage, click Road Tax renewal, then click request quotation, it will open login page, when it should open the quotation request page. Please apply this for all the services. 
2. For registration page, when user register it said registration failed. Please fix this. 
3. When user login, then he/she request a quotation, he/she select other service than roadtax and travel insurance it will produce "We could proceed with quotation" please fix this
4. When admin login, and try to update quotation with tax amount 0, it will produce error as well. please fix this.
5. when user login, and when quoatation is ready, user download the document, it will nothing, no document is shown. please fix this. 
6. when user login, and when user upload payment proof and click submit proof it will show failed to submit payment proof. please fix this. 
7. after user successfully made payment and send the payment of proof, user need to click one more button which finish payment, the it will prompt confirmation box, the process end. After this user need to only wait for the amount of cashback to be reflected oh his/her account. make it proper. 
8. when admin login, and changed the status to paid then confirm it. COnfirmation of complete process with shown and admin will click then the process end. admin can see the cashback has been update, user as well. 
9. please update on admin site, once it has been paid update the status of that particular insurances to paid in all quotations page. And this particular paid insurances can be view only and cannot be edited. In this page as well, need to shown max 10 quotations per page with next back button. 
10. Same goes to the dashboard, 10 max pending quoatations per page, with next and back button. 
11. when user login, in cashback wallet page, there is a button to request full cashback or partial cashback (user need how much if click this, minimum RM50). Once user click this, it will update admin on dashboard saying that this user need a cashback, then admin will do the process manually. Then admin update on a related page of the system saying that this user have been transfer the request cashback. Once this process completed, the current balance of the user will be deducted depends on the amount request. PLease make this flow proper. 
12. on admin portal, if update quotation admin update with reject status, admin need to enter a reason for this so that customer always why it is rejected. So that customer can request once more with proper details. 
13. When admin received a non register quotation, one button shown for admin to whatsapp that user using the number phone provided. so that admin can send the quotation via whatsapp or admin can email manually to this person.
14. Please update on user site, on complete payment page change this DuitNow QR image to the Image of QR i attached. Thank you. 
14. Last but not least for this request, I need you to add one more function on homepage which can give user freedom to choose language between English or Bahasa Melayu. Default is english. If user click Bahasa Melayu, then all the page with page will be translated to Bahasa Melayu with help of AI assistance, so that the Bahasa Melayu will be shown and used properly. This will help malay user much more. 